how many of you have seen the movie
black panther it is the number one movie
Panther had the biggest opening week of
any Marvel movie ever so far it's earned
more than 520 million dollars if you
haven't seen it it tells the story of
T'Challa who is the king of a fictitious
African country called Wakanda where
Conda is again the fictitious it's made
up it's not a real place but not
everyone knows that so we went out of
the street and asked people for their
thoughts on the crisis in Wakanda and
were they willing to weigh in on a fake
crisis in a fake country well let's find
out in tonight's black panther edition
of live witness news
is it time to bring the US troops home
from what condo I think we need a strong
presence there I definitely support our
troops so if they're in Wakanda
I think they should you know they have a
reason to be there should we be involved
in Wakanda right now no I think we
should resolve our own problems first
especially what's going on in the
government what are people saying about
the crisis in Wakanda they saying like
it's like a big cuz task taffy-like it's
a lot of bad things happening over
should will con to be forced to share
their vibranium know why it's theirs it
belongs to their country without
vibranium
we can't power fidgets spinners or golf
cards okay
I'd say we need to find another way of
doing that what is your opinion of the
Twitter war going on between President
Trump and King T'Challa of Wakanda my
opinion is I think is good because in
this state you know bad publicity is
good publicity for some people so long
as people are watching long as people
are tuning in you understand somebody's
getting paid somewhere what is all human
being so we can't judge each other yes
yes or anything we're all humans except
for the Panthers why does Donald Trump
dislike the wakandan so much should I
say it because they're not his color
it's orange okay nobody's color okay no
you think if somebody made a movie about
what's happening in Wakanda right now it
would be popular but people just don't
want to see that people don't want to
see it yeah I don't think so
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true
assuming your dreams are to watch more
YouTube videos